add blog post on EasyBuild v5.1.0 (#7)
easybuilders/easybuild-blog: docs/posts/2025/05/EasyBuild-5.1.0.md

```

Likewise for the `pip check` command that is run in the sanity check step when Python packages are being installed.
This used to result in output like:
```
== sanity checking...
  >> running shell command:
        python -m pip check
        [started at: 2025-05-23 10:26:11]
        [working dir: /tmp/easybuild/Python/3.13.1/GCCcore-14.2.0]
        [output and state saved to /tmp/eb-d_ec_z2f/run-shell-cmd-output/python-d3adb33f]
  >> command completed: exit 0, ran in < 1s
```

Now, it's a lot shorter:

```
== sanity checking...
  >> Check on requirements for installed Python packages with 'pip check': OK
```

---

## 2025a common toolchains

Easyconfig files for the `2025a` update of the common toolchains `foss` and `intel` are included with EasyBuild v5.1.0.

Note that the `2024b` version of the common toolchains was skipped, mostly due to focusing on releasing EasyBuild
v5.0.0 in the period in which the `2024b` update of the common toolchains was supposed to be defined.

For more details, see the [overview of common toolchains](https://docs.easybuild.io/common-toolchains/#common_toolchains_overview).

---

## Notable bug fixes

> Next to the highlights covered above, there are a couple of small yet worth to mention bug fixes included in EasyBuild

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beyond the highlights covered above, there are a couple of small bug fixes included in EasyBuild
```

v5.1.0:

- The `pip check` command is now executed only *once* in the sanity check for an installation that involves Python packages, which makes sense since this is a global check (not for a specific Python package).
- Earlier versions of EasyBuild included a silly bug that could lead to messages like "`Fetching files: 100% (4/3)`" being shown in
  the download progress bar. This silly problem has been resolved in EasyBuild v5.1.0.
- Since EasyBuild v5.0.0, the path to the `lib` subdirectory of a software installation directory was being added to the `$CMAKE_LIBRARY_PATH` environment variable in environment module files generated
  by EasyBuild, while this was not the intention. This bug has been squashed in EasyBuild v5.1.0.
- The `--ignore-test-failure` EasyBuild configuration setting was partially broken since EasyBuild v5.0.0: errors that
  were raised during the test step were not actually being ignored. This rendered `--ignore-test-failure` useless for
  ignoring a handful of failing tests when installing PyTorch, for example.
  This regression was fixed in EasyBuild v5.1.0.

> - Several small issues has been fixed in the custom easyblock for LLVM, which was thoroughly revised in EasyBuild

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Several small issues have been fixed in the custom easyblock for LLVM, which was thoroughly revised in EasyBuild
```
